Now, our text today reminds us how faithful ones eagerly anticipate the outworking of Jehovah's
purpose.
But to get the full sense of this text, let's open and read Revelation chapter 22, verse
20 and its entirety.
It says, the one who bears witness of these things says, yes, I am coming quickly.
And then in response, the Apostle John says, amen, come, Lord Jesus.
Well, here we see John's words are preceded by the powerful statement made by Jesus.
Yes, I am coming quickly.
Well, what does it mean and how do we benefit from it today?
Well, the expression I am coming quickly here refers to Jesus appearing in the future to
reward those who are righteous and punish the wicked.
Now, this expression is mentioned some six times in the entire book of Revelation with
three of those instances in chapter 22 alone.
For example, look at verse 7, and there we see Jesus saying, look, I am coming quickly.
Happy as anyone observing the words of the prophecy of this scroll.
And then in verse 12, we see Jehovah expressing his purpose when he says, look, I am coming quickly.
And the reward I give is with me to repay each one according to his work.
So putting this all together, what do we see?
We see the emphasis is on that Jesus is coming quickly.
And so what do we take away from that?
Well, this is given in the very last chapter of the very last of the 66 books.
So it's something important to Jehovah.
It's something important to Jesus.
We need to take it to heart.
It reminds us of a lesson of a good conclusion that we learned years ago in the Theocratic
ministry school.
What you say last is often remembered first.
But how can we keep Jesus coming closely in mind?
We're going to discuss three ways we can do that.
The first way is to remain positive despite changing circumstances.
Many of our brothers are facing deteriorating conditions due to this system of things.
We think about the wars that are going on.
We think about civil unrest.
We think about the natural disasters.
Some of our brothers in Russia and Eritrea face additional pressures.
They face persecution.
So some have lost their jobs.
They've had their assets frozen.
Some have even been beaten and imprisoned for their faith.
Now we know that the great tribulation is soon in hand.
What's going to happen then?
Well we know that things will only get worse.
In fact, the watchtower has said that we may experience hardships and deprivations of
various kinds.
So the question is, how can we remain positive despite discouraging circumstances?
Well we have to keep in mind that we know that Jesus is coming quickly.
In other words, we know how the story ends.
For example, think about what's going to happen very soon.
Satan's visible organization is going to have an expiration date.
It's going to be destroyed at the battle of Armageddon.
And at that time, we know that this system is going to be destroyed.
It's not going to last one day longer than it's necessary.
So in other words, relief is on the way.
But let's look at another momentous event that is coming up.
Please turn with me to Revelation, chapter 20, and we'll look at verse 10.
And it says, and the devil who was misleading them was hurled into the lake of fire and
sawpher, where both the wild beasts and the false prophet already were, and they will
be tormented day and night forever and ever.
Well being tossed into that lake of fire means that the devil will cease to exist.
He will never, ever come back to life.
Well that's going to be a happy day.
And he's going to join those that preceded him, the wild beasts, the political systems
of this world and the false prophet, the Anglo-American world power that was destroyed at Armageddon.
But just think, the ugly head of the snake will be crushed forever.
That's something to look forward to.
Satan's reign of terror will be over.
All suffering will end.
But that's not the most important thing.
The most important thing is that God's name, Jehovah, that holy name will finally be sanctified.
Yes, it will be clear to a slander, reproach, lies, and misrepresentation that have been
heaped on it over the last 6,000 years.
But let's look at a second benefit that we're going to get from Jesus coming quickly.
Turn with me please to Revelation, chapter 22, and we'll look at verse 1 and 2.
And he that is the angel showed me, John, a river of water of life, clear as crystal flowing
out from the throne of God and of the Lamb, down the middle of its main street.
On both sides of the river were trees of life producing 12 crops of fruit, yielding their
fruit each month, and the leaves of the trees were for the healing of the nations.
Well countless blessings will be poured out on mankind like a river.
The river of water of life represents Jehovah's provisions through Jesus, forgiving everlasting
life to obedient mankind.
It comes from the throne of Jehovah and Jesus, and it comes right through New Jerusalem,
the main street of New Jerusalem.
Well, what blessings do you personally look forward to?
Well it's good for us to count the countless blessings that Jehovah is going to give us.
Now so many of us have been dealing with health concerns of one kind or another.
Now for some of us it's just been aches and pains, and then others have things more serious.
And if it's not us, it may be a family member or a close friend.
But let's think about also the pandemic that we went through, all of us are more sensitive
to our frailties, and some of us are still dealing with the strain of the emotional
and of mental stress of that pandemic.
But notice what it says in the second part of verse 2, that there will be trees of life
with leaves for healing.
Well that assures us that during the millennium, all illnesses, physical, mental and emotional,
will be healed permanently.
The fact that Watchtower has promised us or suggested that immediately after Armageddon,
survivors can expect the miraculous healing so that they can move forward with zest, looking
eagerly to the marvelous activity of the millennium, not dragged down by the afflictions of the
old world.
Well, another glorious day is before us, isn't it?
Now let's look at a third point that we can take away from Jesus coming quickly.
It helps us to carry out our work with a sense of urgency.
Revelation chapter 22 verse 17.
And the spirit and the bride keep on saying, come, and let anyone hearing say, come, and
let anyone thirsting come, let anyone who wishes take life's water free.
Now move by God's spirit, we see the anointed, along with the support from the other sheep
zealously share life giving truth with others.
And what a privilege each of us has to be able to do our very best, according to our
circumstances and this important work.
But since the organization has adjusted our way of reporting service, could some think
that now they could let the foot off the gas and slow down when it comes to this important
work?
Well, that's not the right thinking.
Remember Jesus is coming quickly, so really it's full steam ahead.
We're doing the very best that we can under these circumstances, according to our circumstances.
What we call at the last annual meeting, we were reminded that the witnessing work that
we are doing now will have perhaps even greater importance after the great tribulation starts.
Now so, well some who see the destruction of Babylon agreed, where we call that Jehovah's
Witnesses are spoken of this event all along and perhaps they may have a change of heart.
So what does that teach us?
We have to maintain a sense of urgency, we have to keep preaching.
So did you get those three points that we take away from Jesus coming quickly?
We have to remain positive despite changing circumstances.
We have to make sure that we count our countless blessings and then third we have to stay busy
in the ministry.
Well the Apostle John eagerly anticipated God's advancing purpose and we do too, so like
John, we say amen, come Lord Jesus.